security-doc-final-changes (#61)
axioned/handbook: docs/processes/security/data-security.md

---
id: data-security
title: Data Security Policies and Procedures
sidebar_label: Data Security
tags: [Device Use Regulation, External Pen Drives, Using SSH/SFTP, Personal Devices, Internet Cable, Credentials and Systems Management, Data Security, Security Auditing Actions, Data Sharing, Project Closure, workstation usage, Device lost, Remote Access, VPN Policy, Technical Safeguards]
---

## Introduction

We expect all Axioned employees to read and follow the policies and procedures within this document.

> The IT Admin team, Sagar Bisen& Ismile B, will work with the Axioned team to ensure that these policies and procedures are followed at all times. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IT Admin team, Sagar Bisen and Ismile B, will work with the Axioned team to ensure that these policies and procedures are followed at all times. 
```

### 6.3 Testing Device Usage

After using the Axioned testing devices make sure you return the device to the IT Team or keep it at the IT Team desk and make sure to make an entry of return in the “device management sheet”.

Do not change the testing device setting or lock password, if there’s something wrong please consult the IT Team.

## 7. Remote Access Policy

  The intent of this policy is to establish guidelines specifically pertaining to remote access to Axioned’s internal network. Preventing unauthorized access to company data from insecure networks is of utmost importance to Axioned. This policy is designed to ensure remote and/or traveling employees have the ability to securely connect to the corporate network without fear of threat and to provide the Company with an additional means of monitoring and controlling access to the internal network.

  The remote access will be provided to the employee working from home or can’t reach office under some circumstances  

  Axioned Member pls see Remote Access Policy [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rhzYntLRHXscUGZhrUTFOuGvd7wYej8WZiBM4WOTkr0/edit)

## 8. Email/Communication Policy

>   The Axioned emails are used for work purposes, @Axioned.com email a/c is assigned to all individuals (eg: sagarb@Axioned.com) and individuals are added to group email a/c is created respective to project need(eg: Clientname@Axioned.com). We want to ensure that our employees understand the limitations of using their email accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Axioned emails are used for work purposes, @axioned.com email account is assigned to all individuals (eg: sagar@Axioned.com) and individuals are added to group email a/c is created accordingly to the project needs (eg: clientname@axioned.com). We want to ensure that our employees understand the limitations of using their email accounts.
```
